docs: add contributing.md (#159)
open-feature/go-sdk-contrib: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## System Requirements

go 1.18+  is recommended.

## Setup workspace
 
Run the following command to setup the go workspace.
```
make workspace-init
```

sync go.work with current modules

```
make workspace-update
```

> ## Compilation target(s)

Reviewer: This section is not applicable for go-sdk as we do not build artifacts. Instead, SDK relies on Go lang's source-based dependencies. 

Note - See below example for clarification :) 

```
package main

import (
	"context"
	"fmt"
	"github.com/open-feature/go-sdk-contrib/providers/flagd/pkg"
	"github.com/open-feature/go-sdk/pkg/openfeature"
)

func main() {
	openfeature.SetProvider(flagd.NewProvider())
	client := openfeature.NewClient("app")
	value, _ := client.BooleanValue(
		context.Background(), "v2_enabled", false, openfeature.EvaluationContext{},
	)

	fmt.Printf("flag eval: %t", value)
}

```

The project has some specifications in `makefile`  for creating [hooks](https://docs.openfeature.dev/docs/reference/concepts/hooks) and [providers](https://docs.openfeature.dev/docs/reference/concepts/provider).

To contibute a new hook, or provider fork this repository and create a new go module, it will then be discoverable by `make workspace-init` and `make workspace-update`.

create and setup new provider directory (requires jq)
```
make MODULE_NAME=NAME new-provider
```

create and setup new hook directory (requires jq)
```
make MODULE_NAME=NAME new-hook 
```

[jq documentation](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/download/)

## Documentation

Any published modules must have documentation in their root directory, explaining the basic purpose of the module as well as installation and usage instructions.
Instructions for how to develop a module should also be included (required system dependencies, instructions for testing locally, etc).

## Testing

Any published modules must have reasonable test coverage.

Testing packages provide shared testing functionality across OpenFeature components, avoiding duplication.

To test all go modules
```
make test
```

## Releases

> This repo uses _Release Please_ to release packages. Release Please sets up a running PR that tracks all changes for the library components, and maintains the versions according to [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/), generated when [PRs are merged](https://github.com/amannn/action-semantic-pull-request). When Release Please's running PR is merged, any changed artifacts are published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo uses _Release Please_ to release packages. Release Please sets up a running PR that tracks all changes for the library components, and maintains the versions according to [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/), generated when [PRs are merged](https://github.com/amannn/action-semantic-pull-request).

Merging the Release Please PR will create a GitHub release with updated library versions.
```

## Dependencies

Keep dependencies to a minimum, especially non-dev dependencies.
The GO-SDK should be a _peer dependency_ of your module.
Run `go mod`, and then verify the dependencies in `go.mod` file are appropriate.

> Keep in mind, though one version of the GO-SDK is used for all modules in testing, each module may have a different peer-dependency requirement for the GO-SDK (e.g: one module may require ^1.18.0 while another might require ^1.19.0).

Reviewer: This is not applicable as individual modules can have their own compatible go-sdk versions and it works here :)
